JinSoul: Finally, it's my turn
(LOOΠΔ members ran a lot on that day!)
(Run... run... and run again....)
JinSoul: It's been a while since I ran last time.
JInSoul: Running while filming the music video for 'Singing in the Rain' was the last time.
JinSoul: It was fine because of the weather was little cold~
JinSoul: However I'm sweating so much because it's too hot...
JinSoul: But I think after I run a lot like this...
JinSoul: I'm going to lose weight!
(Taking JinSoul's image cut!)
(Look at her face... it's the facial expression when you get into your beauty!)
JinSoul: it's the first time I filmed a music video as a last one!
JinSoul: Actually, filming as the last is not that easy~
JinSoul: However! I feel so reassured
JinSoul: Because HeeJin and Kim Lip are waiting for me in the car
JinSoul: All the staffs and employees worked really hard even in this hot weather
JinSoul: So I'd like to say thank you for your hard work
JinSoul: See you~
(Please stay tuned for more episodes from the last day of 'Hi High' music video filming!